30

Apollo
God of Music - Your Move: Your Worker may move one additional time, but not back to its initial space.

Artemis
Goddess of the Hunt - Opponent's Turn: If one of your Workers moved up on your last turn, opponent Workers cannot move up this turn.

Athena
Goddess of Wisdom - Your Build: Your Worker may build a dome at any level.

Atlas
Titan Shouldering the Heavens - Your Build: Your Worker may build one additional time, but not on the same space.

Demeter
Goddess of the Harvest - Your Build: Your Worker may build one additional block (not dome) on top of your first block.

Hephaestus
God of Blacksmiths - Your Turn: If your Workers do not move up or down, they may each move any number of times (even zero), and then either builds.

Hermes
God of Travel - Your Move: Your Worker may move into an opponent Worker's space, if their Worker can be forced one space straight backwards to an unoccupied space at any level.

Minotaur
Bull-headed Monster - Win Condition: You also win if your Worker moves down two or more levels.

Pan
God of the Wild - Your Turn: If your Worker does not move up, it may build both before and after moving.

Prometheus
Titan Benefactor of Mankind - Your Turn: If your Worker does not move up, it may build both before and after moving.

Aphrodite
Goddess of Love - Any Move: If an opponent Worker starts its turn neighboring one of your Workers, its last move must be to a space neighboring one of your Workers.

Ares
God of War - End of Your Turn: You may remove an unoccupied block (not dome) neighboring your unmoved Worker. You also remove any Tokens on the block.

Bia
Goddess of Violence - Setup: Place your Workers first. -  Your Move: If your Worker moves into a space and the next space in the same direction is occupied by an opponent Worker, the opponent's Worker is removed from the game.

Charon
Ferryman to the Underworld - Your Move: Before your Worker moves, you may force a neighboring opponent Worker to the space directly on the other side of your Worker, if that space is unoccupied.

Chaos
Primordial Nothingness - Setup: Shuffle all unused Simple God Powers (featuring a symbol) into a face-down deck in your play area. Draw the top God Power, and place it face-up beside the deck. - Any Time: You have the Power of the face-up God Power. You must discard your current God Power and draw a new one after any turn in which at least one dome is built. If you run out of God Powers, shuffle them to create a new deck and draw the top one.

Chronus
God of Time - Win Condition: You also win when there are at least five Complete Towers on the board.

Circe
Divine Enchantress - Start of Your Turn: If an opponent's Workers do not neighbor each other, you alone have use of their power until your next turn.

Dionysus
God of Wine - Your Build: Each time a Worker you control creates a Complete Tower, you may take an additional turn using an opponent Worker instead of your own. No player can win during these additional turns.

Eros
God of Desire - Setup: Place your Workers anywhere along opposite edges of the board. - Win Condition: You also win if one of your Workers moves to a space neighboring your other Worker and both are on the first level (or the same level in a 3-player game).

Hera
Goddess of Marriage - Opponent's Turn: An opponent cannot win by moving into a perimeter space.

Hestia
Goddess of Hearth and Home - Your Build: Your Worker may build one additional time, but this cannot be on a perimeter space.

Hypnus
God of Sleep - Start of Opponent's Turn: If one of your opponent's Workers is higher than all of their others, it cannot move.

Limus
Goddess of Famine - Opponent's Turn: Opponent Workers cannot build on spaces neighboring your Workers, unless building a dome to create a Complete Tower.

Medusa
Petrifying Gorgon - End of Your Turn: If possible, your Workers build in lower neighboring spaces that are occupied by opponent Workers, removing the opponent Workers from the game.

Morpheus
God of dreams - Start of Your Turn: Place a block or dome on your God Power card. - Your Build: Your Worker cannot build as normal. Instead, your Worker may build any number of times (even zero) using blocks / domes collected on your God Power card. At any time, any player may exchange a block / dome on the God Power card for dome or a block of a different shape.

Persephone
Goddess of Spring Growth - Opponent's Turn: If possible, at least one Worker must move up this turn.

Poseidon
God of the Sea - End of Your Turn: If your unmoved Worker is on the ground level, it may build up to three times.

Selene
Goddess of the Moon - Setup: Place a male and a female Worker of your color.

Triton
God of the Waves - Your Move: Each time your Worker moves into a perimeter space, it may immediately move again.

Zeus
God of the Sky - Your Build: Your Worker may build a block under itself.
